Create a new package `kedro-datasets` as part of `kedro-plugins` (#38)
kedro-org/kedro-plugins: kedro-datasets/kedro_datasets/datasets/README.md

> # Datasets

Reviewer: I would just add this to the top-level readme instead of having two separate ones.

Reviewer: Additionally I would keep the language consistent and either say data "connectors" or data "descriptions" but not both. My preference goes to data connectors, because that's used in the main Kedro docs as well.

> Welcome to `kedro_datasets.datasets`, the home of Kedro's data connectors. Here you will find `AbstractDataSet` implementations created by QuantumBlack and external contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to `kedro_datasets.datasets`, the home of Kedro's data connectors. Here you will find `AbstractDataSet` implementations created by the core Kedro team and external contributors.
```

## What `AbstractDataSet` implementations are supported?

> We support a range of data descriptions, including CSV, Excel, Parquet, Feather, HDF5, JSON, Pickle, SQL Tables, SQL Queries, Spark DataFrames and more. We even allow support for working with images.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to specifically mention the support for images. 
```suggestion
We support a range of data descriptions, including CSV, Excel, Parquet, Feather, HDF5, JSON, Pickle, SQL Tables, SQL Queries, Spark DataFrames and more. 
```

These data descriptions are supported with the APIs of `pandas`, `spark`, `networkx`, `matplotlib`, `yaml` and more.

[The Data Catalog](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/data/data_catalog.html) allows you to work with a range of file formats on local file systems, network file systems, cloud object stores, and Hadoop.

> Here is a full list of [supported data descriptions and APIs](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.datasets.html).

Reviewer 2: This link doesn't exist yet, is this a placeholder?
